The person that influenced me the most, I would have to say is, probably
Hermann Hesse. Hermann Hesse is an author from Germany who wrote
a few books. He wrote Siddhartha, which is one of my favorite books.
Demian, which is another. If you've ever heard of Steppenwolf, he's
the one who created that, you know, the band called Steppenwolf was
named after one of his books and I've read most of his works. It taught
me, well, his works taught me that, number one, there are really
some bright people out there who are masters at their craft and I
kind of got faith in humanity because of him. Now, I'm a STEM person
and he is as humanities as you can get but despite that, I like the
way that he presented what was on his mind through paper, to me. That's
kind of the way that I try to make my code. I try to think, "Well
someone's going to be looking at my code later. So I have to make
it very very clear. Even though it's a complex thing that I'm writing,
someone has to be able to, like, look at it without me talking to
them physically and understand what it is that I'm trying to, that
I'm trying to present." So, yeah it's a big jump to go from literature
to computer science, you know, thinking of it the same way but he
developed me mentally, based on the logic that his characters, you
know, went through, like, I've had, like, difficult times in my life
and I saw that his characters, even though, well this is 60-70 years
ago, his characters went through some of the same things that I am
going through. So, it's kind of, like, watching a really good well-written
movie when I read his books. He's pretty much the only novelist
that I read. So, Hermann Hesse would have to be someone that really
inspired me.